the word of the Lord came again to me
the word of the Lord came again to me now son of man take up a lamentation for
now son of man take up a lamentation for
now son of man take up a lamentation for time and say to tyre you who are
time and say to tyre you who are
time and say to tyre you who are situated at the entrance of the sea
situated at the entrance of the sea
situated at the entrance of the sea merchants of the peoples on many
merchants of the peoples on many
merchants of the peoples on many coastlands thus says the Lord God
coastlands thus says the Lord God
coastlands thus says the Lord God oh time you have said I am perfect in
oh time you have said I am perfect in
oh time you have said I am perfect in beauty your borders are in the midst of
beauty your borders are in the midst of
beauty your borders are in the midst of the Seas your builders have perfected
the Seas your builders have perfected
the Seas your builders have perfected your beauty
your beauty
your beauty they made all your planks of fir trees
they made all your planks of fir trees
they made all your planks of fir trees from Seanie they took a cedar from
from Seanie they took a cedar from
from Seanie they took a cedar from Lebanon to make you a mask of oaks from
Lebanon to make you a mask of oaks from
Lebanon to make you a mask of oaks from Batian they made your the company
Batian they made your the company
Batian they made your the company of Asha rights have inlaid your planks
of Asha rights have inlaid your planks
of Asha rights have inlaid your planks with ivory from the coasts of Cyprus
with ivory from the coasts of Cyprus
with ivory from the coasts of Cyprus fine embroidered linen from Egypt was
fine embroidered linen from Egypt was
fine embroidered linen from Egypt was what you spread for your sail blue and
what you spread for your sail blue and
what you spread for your sail blue and purple from the coasts of Elijah was
purple from the coasts of Elijah was
purple from the coasts of Elijah was what covered you inhabitants of Sidon
what covered you inhabitants of Sidon
what covered you inhabitants of Sidon and Arvid were your horsemen your wise
and Arvid were your horsemen your wise
and Arvid were your horsemen your wise man o Tyre were in you they became your
man o Tyre were in you they became your
man o Tyre were in you they became your pilot's elders of gibble and it's wise
pilot's elders of gibble and it's wise
pilot's elders of gibble and it's wise men were in you to your scenes all
men were in you to your scenes all
men were in you to your scenes all the ships of the sea and their oars men
the ships of the sea and their oars men
the ships of the sea and their oars men were
were
were you to market your merchandise
you to market your merchandise
you to market your merchandise those from Persia Lydia and Libya were
those from Persia Lydia and Libya were
those from Persia Lydia and Libya were in your army as men of war they hung
in your army as men of war they hung
in your army as men of war they hung shield and helmet in you
shield and helmet in you
shield and helmet in you they gave splendor to you men of Arvid
they gave splendor to you men of Arvid
they gave splendor to you men of Arvid with your army were on your walls all
with your army were on your walls all
with your army were on your walls all around and the men of gamut were in your
around and the men of gamut were in your
around and the men of gamut were in your talents they hung their shields on your
talents they hung their shields on your
talents they hung their shields on your walls all around they made your beauty
walls all around they made your beauty
walls all around they made your beauty perfect Tarshish was your merchant
perfect Tarshish was your merchant
perfect Tarshish was your merchant because of your many luxury goods they
because of your many luxury goods they
because of your many luxury goods they gave you silver iron tin and lead for
gave you silver iron tin and lead for
gave you silver iron tin and lead for your goods
your goods
your goods Javan tubal and Meshech were your
Javan tubal and Meshech were your
Javan tubal and Meshech were your traders they bartered human lives and
traders they bartered human lives and
traders they bartered human lives and vessels of bronze for your merchandise
vessels of bronze for your merchandise
vessels of bronze for your merchandise those from the house of togarmah traded
those from the house of togarmah traded
those from the house of togarmah traded for your wares with horses steeds and
for your wares with horses steeds and
for your wares with horses steeds and mules the men of didn't wear your
mules the men of didn't wear your
mules the men of didn't wear your traders many Isles were the market of
traders many Isles were the market of
traders many Isles were the market of your hand they brought you ivory tusks
your hand they brought you ivory tusks
your hand they brought you ivory tusks and ebony as payment syria was your
and ebony as payment syria was your
and ebony as payment syria was your merchant because of the abundance of
merchant because of the abundance of
merchant because of the abundance of goods you made they gave you for your
goods you made they gave you for your
goods you made they gave you for your wares emeralds purple embroidery fine
wares emeralds purple embroidery fine
wares emeralds purple embroidery fine linen corals and rubies Judah and the
linen corals and rubies Judah and the
linen corals and rubies Judah and the Land of Israel were your traders they
Land of Israel were your traders they
Land of Israel were your traders they traded for your merchandise wheat of
traded for your merchandise wheat of
traded for your merchandise wheat of Menace millet honey oiled and farmed
Menace millet honey oiled and farmed
Menace millet honey oiled and farmed Damascus was your merchant because of
Damascus was your merchant because of
Damascus was your merchant because of the abundance of goods you made because
the abundance of goods you made because
the abundance of goods you made because of your many luxury items with the wine
of your many luxury items with the wine
of your many luxury items with the wine of hell burn and with white
of hell burn and with white
of hell burn and with white dan and Javon paid for your wares
dan and Javon paid for your wares
dan and Javon paid for your wares traversing back and forth raw time Kasia
traversing back and forth raw time Kasia
traversing back and forth raw time Kasia and Keynes are among your merchandise
and Keynes are among your merchandise
and Keynes are among your merchandise deed n' was your merchants in saddle
deed n' was your merchants in saddle
deed n' was your merchants in saddle cloths for riding Arabia and all the
cloths for riding Arabia and all the
cloths for riding Arabia and all the princes of Kedah were your regular
princes of Kedah were your regular
princes of Kedah were your regular merchants they traded with you in lands
merchants they traded with you in lands
merchants they traded with you in lands Rams and goats the merchants of Shiva
Rams and goats the merchants of Shiva
Rams and goats the merchants of Shiva and Rama were your merchants they traded
and Rama were your merchants they traded
and Rama were your merchants they traded for your where's that choicest spices
for your where's that choicest spices
for your where's that choicest spices all kinds of precious stones and gold
all kinds of precious stones and gold
all kinds of precious stones and gold heron canna Eden the merchants of Sheba
heron canna Eden the merchants of Sheba
heron canna Eden the merchants of Sheba Assyria and Killman were your merchants
Assyria and Killman were your merchants
Assyria and Killman were your merchants these were your merchants in choice
these were your merchants in choice
these were your merchants in choice items in purple clothes in embroidered
items in purple clothes in embroidered
items in purple clothes in embroidered garments in chests of multicolored
garments in chests of multicolored
garments in chests of multicolored apparel in sturdy woven cords which were
apparel in sturdy woven cords which were
apparel in sturdy woven cords which were in your marketplace the ships of
in your marketplace the ships of
in your marketplace the ships of tarshish were carriers of your
tarshish were carriers of your
tarshish were carriers of your merchandise you were filled and very
merchandise you were filled and very
merchandise you were filled and very glorious in the midst of the Seas yours
glorious in the midst of the Seas yours
glorious in the midst of the Seas yours men brought you into many waters but the
men brought you into many waters but the
men brought you into many waters but the east wind broke you in the midst of the
east wind broke you in the midst of the
east wind broke you in the midst of the Seas your riches wares and merchandise
Seas your riches wares and merchandise
Seas your riches wares and merchandise your mariners and pilots your caucus and
your mariners and pilots your caucus and
your mariners and pilots your caucus and merchandisers all your men of war who
merchandisers all your men of war who
merchandisers all your men of war who are in you and the entire company which
are in you and the entire company which
are in you and the entire company which is in your midst will fall into the
is in your midst will fall into the
is in your midst will fall into the midst of the Seas on
the common land will shake at the sound
the common land will shake at the sound of the cry of your pilot's all who
of the cry of your pilot's all who
of the cry of your pilot's all who handle the or the Mariners all the
handle the or the Mariners all the
handle the or the Mariners all the pilots of the sea will come down from
pilots of the sea will come down from
pilots of the sea will come down from their ships and stand on the shore they
their ships and stand on the shore they
their ships and stand on the shore they will make their voice heard because of
will make their voice heard because of
will make their voice heard because of you they will cry bitterly and cast dust
you they will cry bitterly and cast dust
you they will cry bitterly and cast dust on their heads they will roll about in
on their heads they will roll about in
on their heads they will roll about in ashes
ashes
ashes they will shave themselves completely
they will shave themselves completely
they will shave themselves completely bald because of you
bald because of you
bald because of you gird themselves with sackcloth and weep
gird themselves with sackcloth and weep
gird themselves with sackcloth and weep for you with bitterness of heart and
for you with bitterness of heart and
for you with bitterness of heart and bitter wail in their wailing for you
bitter wail in their wailing for you
bitter wail in their wailing for you they will take up a lamentation and
they will take up a lamentation and
they will take up a lamentation and lament for you
lament for you
lament for you what city is like tile destroyed in the
what city is like tile destroyed in the
what city is like tile destroyed in the midst of the sea when your waves went
midst of the sea when your waves went
midst of the sea when your waves went out by sea you satisfied many people
out by sea you satisfied many people
out by sea you satisfied many people when your wares went out by sea you
when your wares went out by sea you
when your wares went out by sea you satisfied many people you enriched the
satisfied many people you enriched the
satisfied many people you enriched the kings of the earth with your many luxury
kings of the earth with your many luxury
kings of the earth with your many luxury goods and your merchandise but you are
goods and your merchandise but you are
goods and your merchandise but you are broken by the seas in the depths of the
broken by the seas in the depths of the
broken by the seas in the depths of the waters your merchandise and the entire
waters your merchandise and the entire
waters your merchandise and the entire company will fall in your midst all the
company will fall in your midst all the
company will fall in your midst all the inhabitants of the Isles will be
inhabitants of the Isles will be
inhabitants of the Isles will be astonished at you their kings will be
astonished at you their kings will be
astonished at you their kings will be greatly afraid and their countenance
greatly afraid and their countenance
greatly afraid and their countenance will be troubled the merchants among the
will be troubled the merchants among the
will be troubled the merchants among the peoples will hiss at you you will become
peoples will hiss at you you will become
peoples will hiss at you you will become a horror and be no more